In this demo, I will show you how to add users. I am going to show it using minikube,
but you can also use, any other cluster, to add users on. I am going to use minikube ssh into my cluster.
This is where the actual Kubernetes cluster is running.
And I'm going to create a new key and certificate for my new user.
You can find these commands in the procedural documents, so you don't have to type them over.
First, I'm going to create a new key, "edward.pem", and then I'm going to create a new certificate request,
and here I specify my log in my group.
Then, comes the important part, I'm going to use "ca.certificate", and the "ca.key" to create a new certificate that is signed by my authority.
And by using it this way, I'll be able to use the certificate to authenticate to the API server.
So, there our key and the certificates.
So, let me just "cat" these files, and those I need to copy to files on my host system.
Som I just log out, you can use "control+D" for that.
And then, "/.kube/config", has two files, that it's using I can change these to my key and my certificate.
I just need to copy and paste the contents of the files into those two new files.
So, this goes into minikube, "edward.key"--
Yes, "edward.key".
"/.minikube/edward.key", and then, it's going to contain the key.
And then, we have the certificates. And this are just going to be the certificates.
So, now I have the same files, and if I do, "kubectl get node", I am actually using these two files,
I can check this using, "kubectl config-view".
I still have a certificate authority. Yes, I changed that one.
I have a key.
I have a certificate and a key that I'm using for authentication to this API.
So, that's it for every user that you want to create, you can just create new keys and new certificates.
If you're in a corporate environment, then you're probably going to implement your own way of authentication,
because you will use something like Active Directory LDAP.
Have a look at the documentation, you can use for instance the proxy to implement your own authentication mechanism,
and then you can use some corporate gateway to make sure that the authentication is handled.
It is perfect if you just have a few users or you don't have already your own authentication mechanism.
So, that's it for this demo.